You ignorant dog thing
How dare you disrespect big brother
Somebody drag him out for me
Resigned him
quarreled with him
Drive out of Yunzhou again
Young master
I was wrong, I was wrong, bro
I was wrong. Um, cut me some slack
Let me go, as for you
Really, really, really, I know I'm wrong.
Yes, it's me, it's my fault recently.
Yes yes yes I remember you
Please let me go
Give me a break, Jane.
Can't you be soft this time?
Do you remember how he taunted you and scolded you?
Ah, he blocked you in the toilet several times.
And this is the matter, is the uncle his best friend?
It is said that the family is also on the road
The experienced kind
Him and his girlfriend?
Just bully the real thing often.
Why didn't you tell me this before?
I don't think so.
How can it be as serious as it is often said?
It's just a small conflict between classmates
Where is this little contradiction?
Dad today is my birthday
Are we having fun?
Why do you call and call to affect everyone's mood?
Let him go
I believe
He will never trouble me again
Yes, yes, I will never dare again
I will hide far away when I see you in the future
I beg you to let me go
Cripple
You wait for me to find my best friend, his father is also a gangster boss
I'll make sure you look good then.